  Johny Srouji is the Senior Vice President of Hardware Technologies at Apple Inc. who is responsible for the design of Apple's processors.

   Srouji was born in Haifa, Israel to a family of Lebanese descent. He earned bachelor's and master's degrees in computer science from the Technion–Israel Institute of Technology in 1988 and 1990, respectively. He speaks Arabic, English, French, and Hebrew.

  Srouji worked as a researcher and engineer at IBM R&D Labs in Israel from January 1990 to December 1992. He joined Intel at their Israel Design Center in January 1993 and where he became a senior manager. Srouji returned to IBM in January 2005 as a CPU design manager for their POWER7 series.

  Meet_the_Mastermind_Behind_Apple's_Processor_Chip
  Meet the Mastermind Behind Apple's Processor Chip
  In March 2008, Srouji was recruited by Bob Mansfield to join Apple, where he led the development of the Apple A4, the first system-on-a-chip (SOC) to be designed at the company. The Apple A7 surprised the industry by moving Apple's mobile devices to 64-bit computing. After successfully rushing the Apple A9X to market for the iPad Pro in 2015, Srouji was promoted to Senior Vice President, leading development of Apple processors and reporting directly to CEO Tim Cook.
  What is FPDF?
FPDF is a PHP class which allows to generate PDF files with pure PHP, that is to say without using the PDFlib library. F from FPDF stands for Free: you may use it for any kind of usage and modify it to suit your needs.

FPDF has other benefits: high level functions. Here is a list of its main features:

Choice of measure unit, page format and margins
Page header and footer management
Automatic page break
Automatic line break and text justification
Image support (JPEG, PNG and GIF)
Colors
Links
TrueType, Type1 and encoding support
Page compression
FPDF requires no extension (except Zlib to enable compression and GD for GIF support). The latest version requires at least PHP 5.1 and is compatible with PHP 7 and PHP 8.

The tutorials will give you a quick start. The complete online documentation is here and download area is there. It is advised to read the FAQ which lists the most common questions and issues.

A script section is available and provides some useful extensions (such as bookmarks, rotations, tables, barcodes...).

What languages can I use?
The class can produce documents in many languages other than the Western European ones: Central European, Cyrillic, Greek and Baltic, provided you use a font that supports the desired character set. UTF-8 support is also available.

What about performance?
Of course, the generation speed of the document is less than with PDFlib. However, the performance penalty keeps very reasonable and suits in most cases, unless your documents are particularly complex or heavy.

For any remark, question or problem, you can leave a message on the forum (you don't need to register).

You can write to me here (but please use the forum for basic questions).


Senior VP Craig Federighi previews High Sierra at WWDC 2017.
macOS High Sierra (version 10.13) was released on September 25, 2017. It was promoted as the last version of macOS to support 32-bit software "without compromise". It also introduced the new APFS file system to take advantage of faster solid state drives and address the looming 2040 date limit from the aging Mac OS Extended file format.

High Sierra was a free upgrade for owners of supported systems from Apple Inc. Though it introduced support for Metal 2, it does not require a Metal-compliant GPU as its successor macOS Mojave does.